Pre-migration CQA task for the REST API title (#4937)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_deleting-a-lifecycle-environment.adoc

= Deleting a lifecycle environment

[role="_abstract"]

> You can remove lifecycle environments that have no successors to clear  unused promotion paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can remove lifecycle environments that have no successors to clear unused promotion paths.
```

> You can remove lifecycle environments that have no successors to clean up unused promotion paths.

Reviewer 2: Avoid phrasal verbs. Otherwise, a good improvement!

```suggestion
You can remove lifecycle environments that have no successors to clear  unused promotion paths.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think this was addressed.
